beautiful actions here ghost cases and today they are
here on tiger power again fund is
been previously with the video of
bie steen 1.8 seconds instead today vi
I come to bring a replay on modern
warfare 3
let's join together in 114 seconds and of course
it is a good gameplay as you can see
even for a double this one the second one
that I take during this game
we say yes it is a bomber play but
obviously I'm not going to tell him it's a super
gameplay since there are thousands of them
much faster and there are a lot of people
stronger than me who can't make it
even faster than this with weapons
much weaker
however let's say it looks like a good gameplay in
all the cases I wanted to thank before
all pauner the dark for giving me
the opportunity again to be here with
you over italy over power with this one
mob
I'm really happy to still be
here in this brief comment of why
the gameplay and braverman you are imagine
as already mentioned before and I wanted to give you from
advice we say is not that there is
manual for tirana but fast though
some advice that can be given because
you have to have more than anything else that ass
is the main factor according to factor
is to use a weapon that is run
someone as you have seen is to use
a weapon that is well known to a weapon
as strong as cr can be as it can
be a
submachine gun you will really make
massacres will give us the no scoop with aim
stable of course I'm obviously
coming going to say who with other weapons
you can't make these new fast ones
because you can very well
let's not talk about spam as it is
call in the end shoot at the
wall excluded what can be done
fine with other weapons
prejudiced to use such a weapon
and play it for example in maps
dome terminal
within the spa one like this
In case you find me really close
you will make massacres and if no one else
invades your companions are good not
make them run away and be up
ends in the sport of ha then you will do
truly massacres
obviously you need to have a good one too
team because otherwise he can speak for himself
do obviously but quite well though
nothing now or personam or as you have seen
nothing concluded gameplay tell you
only if you want to pass mine
channel find the link in description
I carry various types of mobs
the gameplay on black ops two tips e
strategies and funny videos about how many
votes
if you want past and see you there or there
we still see on this channel maybe in
future with another video and beautiful
boys